clarify flex-grow (#25590)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/flex-grow/index.md

{{CSSRef}}

> The **`flex-grow`** [CSS](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS) property sets the flex grow factor, which specifies how much of the flex containers remaining space should be assigned to the flex item's [main size](https://www.w3.org/TR/css-flexbox/#main-size).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`flex-grow`** [CSS](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS) property sets the flex grow factor, which specifies how much of the flex container's remaining space should be assigned to the flex item's [main size](https://www.w3.org/TR/css-flexbox/#main-size).
```

{{EmbedLiveSample('Setting flex item grow factor')}}

> When the six flex items are distributed along the container's main axis, if the sum of the main content of those flex items is lesss than the size of the containers main axis, the extra space is distributed amount the size flex items, with A, B, C, and F, each getting 12.5% of the remaining space and D and E each getting 25% of the extra space.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the six flex items are distributed along the container's main axis, if the sum of the main content of those flex items is less than the size of the container's main axis, the extra space is distributed among the size flex items, with A, B, C, and F, each getting 12.5% of the remaining space and D and E each getting 25% of the extra space.
```
